(Transcrito por TurboScribe. Actualizar a Ilimitado para eliminar este mensaje.)

(0:00 - 2:26)
The Public Choices Award goes to Einstein Studio. 20% of the world population has dyslexia. Having dyslexia means it's five times harder for you to read or write. 

You're three times more likely to drop out of high school and half of the teenagers in drug and alcohol rehab today are dyslexic. The problem is quite simple. Suitable education methods are rare, expensive. 

Commuting to a specialized tutor takes time away from parents and most dyslexic students give up on important topics at school such as learning a foreign language. But here's the twist. They have hidden potential. 

It's 50% of NASA rocket scientists. 40% of self-made millionaires are dyslexic. Why? Because they have strength in other areas such as spatial thinking, episodic memory, multi-sensory learning. 

So when my co-founder and I were researching dyslexia, we had this intuition that VR could be the perfect education platform for dyslexic children. So we went to the top 15 experts on dyslexia in the world and all of them confirmed our insights. VR capitalizes on the strength of children with dyslexia. 

VR can create an optimal learning environment for dyslexic students. So we built a prototype that teaches you a foreign language, Spanish, not through a textbook but through immersion. A teacher, a real teacher, meets a real student virtually in a Mexican grocery store and learns the language not through reading but through immersion. 

We immediately got traction. We wanted to organize workshops so we did some at our place, at schools, at different types of venues. People were lining up at the door. 

We had 100 parents on our wait list before we even launched and we saw grades improve by 43%. And to finish, do you guys know any famous dyslexic person? Joshua, Einstein, right? Yes, Richard Branson and Einstein indeed and that's why we named the company Einstein Studios. Thank you very much.

(Transcrito por TurboScribe. Actualizar a Ilimitado para eliminar este mensaje.)